
README
Information about the content of the package

-------------

"OpenMercury" is a package in a compressed format, which contains the source
code of the popular personal homepage OS X Mercury, written and developed by
SE51.net .

-------------

PURPOSE

The source code of the project has been released, in order to provide insight
into the framework that powers the intuitive homepage. SE51 encourages
developers and web editors to have a look into the code, find bugs, or improve
the code.

It has also been released for people who intend to modify the work and use it
for their own purposes.

-------------

LICENSE

In the OpenMercury directory, in which this README file resides, you will find
a file named LICENSE. This file contains the General Public License v3, under
which OpenMercury is licensed.

This means, that if you intend to modify the code or use it for your own
purposes, please let people know where the code comes from. As I have done in
the Acknowledgements box of the About OS X window.

-------------

STRUCTURE OF DIRECTORIES

As OS X Mercury was created as a project that resembles Mac OS X, not only the
functionalities and appearence has been taken into account, the directory
structure of Mac OS X has also been retained. As a result, the hierarchy of
directories lays out like this.

/Applications			Contains code for Mercury's applications
 |
 -- /Name_app			Name of the application, followed by _app.
      |				In the original, an application ends with the
      |				extension .app .
      |
      /Contents			May contain some code required for certain		|			functionalities
	|
	/Resources		Contains image files required by the
	| 			application.
	|
	/MacOS			Contains the main code that an application
				requires to run. The initial file that is
				displayed inside the window when an application
				is run is "unixexec.html".

/boot				Folder that holds the boot sequence, which
				means that most of the images and resources
				are preloaded in an Apple like boot screen.
				The very first file that is called is
				"init.html", which then calls
				"mach_kernel.html", which does most of the 
				preloading.

/Library			As in the original, the Library folder
  |				contains files, that are very important. In
  |				this case wallpapers and music.
  |
  /DesktopWallpaper		Contains the available wallpapers in the two
  |				available resolutions.
  |
  /iTunesMusic			Contains music you want to stream with iTunes.
				Preferably the music should be in MP3 format.

main1024.html			This is the file that contains the desktop,
				dock, desktop icon, and menu bar. This is
				essentially the main desktop the user sees,
				which calls all functions and programs. The
				code is mostly divided into layers and tables,
				which are commented and explained.

main1280.html			Exactly the same, only optimized for the
				second available resolution.

/Public				A folder that is designated to hold files that
				you want users to have access to. In my case,
				I placed my music in zip format and files for
				my Unity project. What files you put in this
				folder is up to you.

/System				This folder contains all vital system programs
  |				and services, that are required to make it all
  |				work.
  |
  /CoreServices			As the name says, it contains the Core
    |				Services.
    |
    /Name_app			As the applications folder, it follows the
      |				same structure.
      |
      /Contents			May contain files that are required to run an
	|			an application or service.
	|
	/Resources		Contains image resources for an application
	|			or service.
	|
	/MacOS			Contains the code and files that execute an
				application. It is not always "unixexec.html",
				it may also be Javascripts or PHP files.

testing.html			A little HTML page that allows you click on a
				link which will open OS X Mercury with the	
				boot sequence.

-------------

INSTALLATION

Once you have done your modifications, you will have to upload the directory
that holds the code to your webserver. Once the upload is done, please make
sure that you perform a CHMOD with the 755 attribute on the folder and to ALL
of its contents, as otherwise scripts won't execute that are required to run
the Mercury code correctly.

Your webserver has to support PHP execution (both - version 4 and 5 are okay),
as the mail application calls a PHP function without which it cannot send mails
and will either display the PHP code in the window or offer to download the
PHP file instead of executing it.

-------------

REAL WORLD USAGE

In case you plan to deploy the framework to your website, please consider my
generousity by providing the entire code and leave the notice in the
Acknowledgements box of the About OS X window intact. As I have spent over 16
months of work and dedicated time, I think this is not much to ask.

-------------

FEEDBACK - COMMENTS - BUG REPORTS - SUGGESTIONS

If you have any feedback, please feel free to send me an email at

mail@se51.net

and tell me about it. If you found a bug, please feel free. If you just want to
comment on the project, that's fine too.




OS X MERCURY
Copyright (c) 2006 - 2007
SE51.net


OPENMERCURY
Copyright (c) 2007
SE51.net

I am not affiliated with Apple in any way.


